Static security header plugin added which sets XCTO and XXP. (#84)
google/go-safeweb: docs/plugins/staticheaders.md

_Authors: grenfeldt@google.com_

# Static headers Plugin

> This plugin sets the `X-Content-Type-Options` header to `nosniff` and the `X-XSS-Protection` header to `0` on all outgoing responses.

Reviewer: nit: line breaks

> - `X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff` tells browsers to not try to sniff the

Reviewer: Add a link to https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-Content-Type-Options.

 `Content-Type` of responses.

> - `X-XSS-Protection: 0` tells the browser to disable any built in XSS filters.

Reviewer: Add a link to https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-XSS-Protection.

These built in XSS filters are unnecessary when CSP is implemented and can

> cause cross site leaks.

Reviewer 2: nit: `cross-site`

_Authors: grenfeldt@google.com_

# Static headers Plugin

This plugin sets the `X-Content-Type-Options` header to `nosniff` and the

> `X-XSS-Protection` header to `0` on all outgoing responses.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`X-XSS-Protection` header to `0` on all responses.
```

- `X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff` tells browsers to not try to sniff the
`Content-Type` of responses.
[MDN documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-Content-Type-Options).
- `X-XSS-Protection: 0` tells the browser to disable any built in XSS filters.

> These built in XSS filters are unnecessary when CSP is implemented and can
> cause cross-site leaks.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These built in XSS filters are unnecessary when other, stronger, protections are available and can
introduce cross-site leaks vulnerabilities.
```
